Translate Property Editor Values in a multilingual site (#6345)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-cms/tutorials/multilanguage-setup.md

@Umbraco.GetDictionaryValue("Contact Number")
```

### Translating Multi-Value Property Editors

> When building a multilingual website in Umbraco, you can use property editors like Dropdown, Checkbox List, and Radiobutton List to offer content in multiple languages. By leveraging dictionary items, you can ensure that these property editors display the appropriate translated values based on the site's current language.

Reviewer: I think this first sentence makes it sound like ONLY these three property editors can offer content in multiple languages 🙈 

Perhaps something like this instead:

```suggestion
Property editors like Dropdown, Checkbox List, and Radiobutton List let you define a set of prevalues to be chosen between in the Content section. By leveraging dictionary items, you can ensure that these prevalues are translated correctly based on the site's current language.
```

To use Property Editors with Dictionary Items:

1. Create a corresponding Dictionary item with the same name for each prevalue in your property editor. For example:
    | Key         | English Value | French Value |
    |-------------|---------------|--------------|
    | Electronics | Electronics   | Électronique |
    | Clothing    | Clothing      | Vêtements    |
    | Books       | Books         | Livres       |
    | Toys        | Toys          | Jouets       |

2. In your Document Type, set up a property editor and use the keys of the Dictionary Items as the **Options**:

    _Option 1:_ Electronics, _Option 2:_ Clothing, _Option 3:_ Books, and _Option 4:_ Toys

    ![Dropdown Options](images/dropdown-options.png)

3. Use the following code in your template to retrieve and display the translated value:

    ```cs
    @{
        var dropdownValue = Model.Value<string>("yourDropdownAlias");
        var translatedValue = Umbraco.GetDictionaryValue(dropdownValue);
    }
    <span>@translatedValue</span>
    ```

>     The code retrieves the selected value from the property editor and translates it using the corresponding Dictionary item.

Author: Yes cz it's part of the code/step.

>     The code retrieves the selected value from the property editor and translates it using the corresponding Dictionary item.

Reviewer: Ah! Makes sense then 😄
